# virtual-card-deck
A handy utility that allows you to create and customize (currently code-only) card decks for a board game. Runs in your browser, or use the demo site (full UI-based customization coming in the second version). This project is coded primarily with HTML and CSS, with some JavaScript to power the card drawing logic.

# Usage
This repository contains a pre-loaded version of the virtual card deck for a stock market game. In this version, there are two decks: a Stock Alerts deck with 80 varying cards, and a World Events deck with 35 cards. You can change the card background as it appears on the web app; all you have to do is create your PNG files (ideally 250 x 370 px) and change the paths where required in the code. You also have full control over changing the card descriptions and titles; simply navigate to the 'script.js' file and change the values in the dictionaries.

To use the virtual card deck, you have a couple of options. First, you can clone this repo, which allows you full control over customizing the card deck. Then, you can use a simple browser extension like "Go Live" or "IIS Express" to run it in a web browser. If you absolutely must use the web app on a mobile device, you can use VS Code's Port Forwarding system to create a public port (via DevTunnels) that you can access on a phone. However, **it is highly recommended that you use at least a tablet** to run this web app for best performance. I am working on optimizing it for mobile use.

In a future version, which I'm also working on, you will be able to set up and customize your card deck right from the web browser (e.g., the demo app that I have running on my website), so you don't have to clone the repo at all. For now, though, you must clone the code to get the most out of the virtual card deck.
